Exercise 1
---

Write a function that gets passed in two integers and set the first 
interger passed in to hold the greater of the two integers, and the second 
interger passed in to hold the lesser of the two integers.

Exmaple:
(in main)
```c++ 
int a = 4;
int b = 5;
foo(a,b);
cout << a << endl;
cout << b << endl;
```
> should result in an output of: <br>
> 4<br>
> 5

Exercise 2
---
Write 4 different swap functions that take in two values passed by reference 
and swaps their values. The 4 different functions swap ints, double, chars, 
and bools. In order to make these functions more useable, we will use 
`function overloading` 
to allow programers using these functions to only have to remember
one name for all 4 functions rather than 4 different names. All of the 
functions must therefore have the same name. Which function gets called is 
then deicded based upon the variable types of the parameters.  

**IMPORTANT:** in order to ensure that the function
overloading occurs, each one of your swap functions must have the same name 
(ideally swap but anything else will sufice, as long as they are all the same).

Example:
```c++
int main(){
	char c = 'c';
	char a = 'a';
	swap(a,c);
	
	int one = 1;
	int two = 2;
	swap(one,two);

	cout << a << " " << b << endl;
	cout << one << " " << two << endl;

	return 0;
}
```
> Should print out: <br>
> c a<br>
> 2 1<br>

In the example above, `swap(a,c)` and `swap(one,two)` are different functions
despite having the same names. Look at the bottom of the page or ask your SI
leader to learn more about function overloading.

Exercise 3
---
Create a function that takes in a one or more sentences from the user and
replaces any instances of a word specified by the user with another word
specified by the user. The function should return an integer indicating how
many instances of the word were replaced.

Example:
> Enter a sentence: **the other day my friends and I went to the store to find
>			out the price of radishes**<br>
> Which word should be replaced:  **radishes**<br>
> Replace with what word: **oranges**<br>
> **the other day my friends and I went to the store to find out the price
> of oranges**

Example:
> Enter a sentence: **I like to eat apples and bananas but if I am forced to,
> 		 I will eat just about anything, as long as its not
>		 spicy!**<br>
> Which word should be replaced : **eat**<br>
> Replace with what word: **fight** <br>
> **I like to fight apples and bananas but if I am forced to, I will fight
>	just about anything, as long as its not spicy!**

Exercise 4
---

Write a string modify function that takes a string and returns only a piece of
that string (similar to substr). This function should take in a string 
parameter (the string to be substringed) and two integer variables (the index
at which the user would like to begin the substr and the length of the substr
itself). The function should also return a bool returning true if the substr 
was succesful and false if it was not.

For example, given the following code:
```c++
string str = "Origami";
cout << substr(str,1,3) << endl;
cout << str << endl;
```
> Should output: <br>
> 1<br>
> rig<br>

This function should return false when the user specifies a length or index 
that goes beyond the maximum string length.

For example, using the code above:
```c++
cout << substr(str,5,3) << endl;
cout << str << endl;
```
> Should output :<br>
> 0<br>
> origami<br>

The orignial string should be unchanged if an error is to occur.

Excercise 5
---

Using the main function below, create functions `generateRand(int)`,
`getUserInput(string)` and `playGuessingGame(bool, int, int)`. In the function
headers given to you, which parameters should be passed by reference and
the return types of the functions have not been specified. 

Function `generateRand(int)` should generate a random number between 1-20.<br>
Function `getUserInput(string)` prompts the user if they would like to continue
playing this game. The program should continue to run until the user enters
"exit". Feel free to edit the main function or the the way this function works
to better specify the user would like to exit.<br>
Function `playGuessingGame(bool, int, int)` should take the random number 
generated by `generateRand(int)` and have the user attempt to guess that
number `maxAttempts` number of times. If the user correctly guesses the number,
the the bool `winStatus` is set to true, otherwise it is set to false. 
Regardless of the winStatus, the number of tries it took for the user 
to guess the number is set to numTries.


```c++
int main(){
	int randInt = 0;
	string userInput;
	bool winStatus = false;
	int numTries = 0;
	int maxAttempts = 3;

	while(userInput != "exit" || !winStatus){
		generateRand(randInt);
		numTries = playGuessingGame(winStatus, randInt, maxAttempts);
		if(!winStatus){
			getUserInput(userInput);
		}
	}

	cout << "It took you " << numTries << "to get the value ";
	if(winStatus){
		cout << "correct!" << endl;
	}
	else{
		cout << "incorrect!" << endl;
	}

	return 0;
} 
```
Example:
> A random number has been generated <br>
> What is your guess? (you have 3 attempts remaining): **1**<br>
> INCORRECT!<br>
> What is your guess? (you have 2 attempts remainiing): **2**<br>
> INCORRECT! <br>
> What is your guess? (you have 1 attempt remaining): **12**<br>
> INCORRECT! <br>
> Enter exit if you no longer want to play: **no** <br>
><br>
> A random number has been generated <br>
> What is your guess? (you have 3 attempts remaining): **1**<br>
> CORRECT!<br>
> It took you 1 try to get the value correct!

Extra Help
---
* [More on function overloading](http://www.learncpp.com/cpp-tutorial/76-function-overloading/)
